Paths dependencies and Nginx configuration (#361)
gravitee-io/helm-charts: apim/3.x/CHANGELOG.md

This file documents all notable changes to [Gravitee.io API Management 3.x](https://github.com/gravitee-io/helm-charts/tree/master/apim/3.x) Helm Chart. The release numbering uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org).

### 3.1.65

- [X] Add hook-delete-policy
- [X] Add check to allow automatic Redis plugin download only for versions prior to 3.21.0 (it is now embedded in the distribution)
- [X] Add SSL and Sentinel configuration management for Redis and updated doc. 

> - [X] auto generate environment variable `PORTAL_BASE_HREF` and `CONSOLE_BASE_HREF`
> - [X] remove ingress nginx annotation when `ingress.class` in not nginx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [X] Auto-generate `PORTAL_BASE_HREF` and `CONSOLE_BASE_HREF` environment variables
- [X] Remove ingress nginx annotation when `ingress.class` is not nginx
```
